Tera-WURFL README
Version Stable 2.1.2
http://www.tera-wurfl.com/
-----------------------

ABOUT TERA-WURFL
Tera-WURFL is a PHP & MySQL based library that uses the Wireless Universal
Resource File (WURFL). The WURFL website  nicely defines the WURFL as
follows: "The WURFL is an "ambitious" configuration file that contains
info about all known Wireless devices on earth. Of course, new devices are
created and released at all times. While this configuration file is bound 
to be out of date one day after each update, chances are that the WURFL 
lists all of the WAP devices you can purchase in the nearest shops."

Tera-WURFL takes some functionality from the original PHP Tools Library by 
Andrea Trasatti and a prerelease version of the Java WURFL Evolution. It 
serves as a drop in replacement for the original PHP Tools with only minor 
changes to your existing code. Since Tera-WURFL uses a database backend 
(currently only MySQL), the real world performance increase over the 
existing PHP Tools implementation is extremely high - normally between 5x 
and 10x faster!

The author of Tera-WURFL is Steve Kamerman, a professional PHP Programmer,
MySQL DBA, Flash/Flex Actionscript Developer, Linux Administrator, 
IT Manager and part-time American Soldier. This project was originally 
sponsored by Tera Technologies and was developed as an internal project 
used for delivering content to customers of the mobile ringtone and image 
creation site Tera-Tones.com..

Read more about Tera-WURFL and download the latest release at:
http://www.tera-wurfl.com/

See what else Steve Kamerman has cookin' at his blog:
http://www.teratechnologies.net/stevekamerman/
